docs/guides/admin/docs/configuration/asset-manager.md, before:

Asset Manager Configuration
===========================

Config Options
--------------

### File System Based Asset Store

Configure the file system based asset store in custom.properties.

- `org.opencastproject.episode.rootdir`
   The path where the file system based asset store of the default implementation stores the assets. This key is optional.
- `org.opencastproject.storage.dir`
  This is Opencast’s general config key to configure the base path of everything storage related.
  If no storage directory is configured explicitely, the file system based asset store will use
  `${org.opencastproject.storage.dir}/archive` as its base path.

Deployment
----------

The following bundles have to be added to the `system.properties`

- asset-manager-api
- asset-manager-impl
- asset-manager-storage-fs
- asset-manager-util
- asset-manager-workflowoperation

### How can I use a different storage backend?

Replace the `asset-manager-storage-fs` bundle with another bundle that exports an implementation of the `AssetStore` interface.

### How can I use a totally different AssetManager implementation?

Replace both `asset-manager-impl` and `asset-manager-storage-fs` bundles
with a bundle that exports an implementation of the `asset-manager-api`.

Commit message:

MH-12738: Adding requested basic documentation for the storage tiering tools.

docs/guides/admin/docs/configuration/asset-manager.md, after:

Asset Manager Configuration
===========================

### How can I use a different storage backend?

Configure an alternate storage backend, and then either use the REST endpoints or the 
[Move Storage](../workflowoperationhandlers/move-storage-woh.md) workflow operation as part of a workflow.  Note that
the REST endpoints trigger workflows, the workflow operation handlers are generally only useful as part of an automated
storage tiering system.


### REST Endpoints

The REST endpoints can be accessed from `$server_url/assets/docs`. The value of `$server_url` is set during
[basic configuration](basic.md). There is no other current user interface for storage tiering at this time.

Config Options
--------------

### File System Based Asset Store

Configure the file system based asset store in `custom.properties`.

- `org.opencastproject.episode.rootdir`
   The path where the file system based asset store of the default implementation stores the assets. This key is optional.
- `org.opencastproject.storage.dir`
  This is Opencast’s general config key to configure the base path of everything storage related.
  If no storage directory is configured explicitely, the file system based asset store will use
  `${org.opencastproject.storage.dir}/archive` as its base path.
